Add `Price Calculation` section. (#1328)
saleor/saleor-docs: docs/developer/discounts/manual-discounts.mdx

                            "amount": 10.0
                        }
                    },
                    {
                        "id": "T3JkZXJMaW5lOmU3ZWY1YjY4LTUzYmMtNGIyOC1iMmU2LWI0YjI3OWE0NTg2OA==",
                        "quantity": 1,
                        "undiscountedTotalPrice": {
                            "net": {
                                "amount": 30.0
                            }
                        },
                        "totalPrice": {
                            "net": {
                                "amount": 30.0
                            }
                        },
                        "undiscountedUnitPrice": {
                            "net": {
                                "amount": 30.0
                            }
                        },
                        "unitPrice": {
                            "net": {
                                "amount": 30.0
                            }
                        },
                        "unitDiscount": {
                            "amount": 0.0
                        }
                    }
                ]
            }
        }
    }
}
```

> As a result, the discount reduced line 1 unit price from 50$ to 40$. 

Author: Let's create separate section like Discount Combination or complex examples or sth

### Manual order discount
The manual order discount can be applied with [`orderDiscountAdd`](api-reference/orders/mutations/order-discount-add.mdx) mutation.
It impacts both the subtotal and shipping price. When the order qualifies for an order promotion or has an entire order voucher applied, 
the manual order discount takes precedence and overrides them. It's important to note that the discount is calculated based on [base subtotal](developer/price-calculation.mdx#discount-application) 

> and [base shipping](developer/price-calculation.mdx#discount-application) prices, meaning [line-level](developer/discounts/overview.mdx#level) discounts are not overriden. 

Reviewer: so does it mean they are accumulated? Maybe we should write a paragraph how it works when both line and order discounts are applied

or to the order line to reduce its unit price (manual line discount). 
These discounts cannot be combined with other discounts associated with the same object (order or line) and override any existing ones.

### Manual line discount
The manual line discount can be applied with [`orderLineDiscountUpdate`](api-reference/orders/mutations/order-line-discount-update.mdx) mutation.
This discount reduces the unit price of the order line. The calculation is based on the undiscounted unit price, 
which means that any other unit price reductions, such as catalogue promotions or specific product vouchers, will be overridden.

#### Example

We have draft order with total price of **150$**, of which:
* **line 1** with quantity **2**, unit price **50$** and total **100$**
* **line 2** with quantity **1**, unit price **30$** and total **30$**
* shipping price **20$**

Let's apply **20%** manual line discount to the **line 1**:

Request:

```graphql
mutation OrderLineDiscountUpdate {
  orderLineDiscountUpdate(
    orderLineId: "T3JkZXJMaW5lOmFlYTBmNjMzLWU0MTItNDkwZS1hODhhLThlMTg3YzQ3N2ZkNQ==", 
    input: {
        valueType: PERCENTAGE,
        value: 20,

>         reason: "staff line discount"

Author: Move to variables

## Introduction
Manual discounts can be applied by staff users to orders with `DRAFT` or `UNCONFIRMED` status.
The discount can be applied to the order to decrease its subtotal and shipping price (manual order discount), 
or to the order line to reduce its unit price (manual line discount). 

> These discounts cannot be combined with other discounts associated with the same object (order or line) and override any existing ones.

Reviewer 2: It sounds like I cannot apply a manual discount on an order with a voucher. Maybe something like this will be better:
```suggestion
These discounts are not combined with other discounts associated with the same object (order or line), manual discount takes precedence and overrides any existing ones.
```
